Update identify() usage explanation in cutting-costs.mdx (#19121)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/cutting-costs.mdx

## Only call `identify()` once per session

> It's only necessary to [identify](/docs/product-analytics/identify) a user once per session, and you don't need to add your own checks to prevent duplicate calls. If the user is already identified, calling `identify()` again with the same distinct ID doesn't capture another `$identify` event. Instead, it captures a `$set` event only when the person properties you pass have changed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's only necessary to [identify](/docs/product-analytics/identify) a user once per session, and you don't need to add your own checks to prevent duplicate calls. If the user is already identified, calling `identify()` again with the same distinct ID doesn't capture another `$identify` event. If you pass person properties, it captures a `$set` event unless the same property payload was sent previously by the current SDK instance.
```
